# CGCL Settings

Version: 2.0.2
Last Updated: April 16th, 2023

## Description

Provides the following settings for the HSSE Orientation section

-   Select pages to restrict access
-   Select the login page
-   Set orientation pass score

Adds custom user fields for the HSSE members to the WP Admin’s user profile page.

## Shortcodes

Provides the following shortcodes:

Displays the result of an orientation quiz. Used on the orientation success and failure pages.

```
[cgcl_quiz_score]
```

Display the hsse member user information. Used on the orientation success page.

```
[cgcl_usermeta]
```

Display a print page button. Used on the orientation success page.

```
[cgcl_print_btn]
```

## Filters

Filters the Login Press plugin’s `login_logout_menu_logout`  function to redirect an HSSE member to the orientation landing page.

Filters the User’ Registration’s `manage_users_columns`  function to remove the duplicate user status column. Column already provided by the New User Approve plugin

# Changelog

## 1.0.0 January 12th, 2023

### Added

-   Initial release of the base plugin with basic functionality to get things working

## 2.0.0 March 26th, 2023

### Added

-   Settings option for quiz score pass mark. Note the shortcode to use this is on the Code Snippets plugins
-   Settings option to set what the login page is

### Changed

-   Refactored the code to restrict access to pages

## 2.0.1 March 26th, 2023

### Added

-   Added shortcode to display quiz score
-   Added filter to remove duplicate user status column generated by the User Registration plugin
-   Added filter to redirect user to a specific page for the login logout menu plugin

## 2.0.2 April 16th, 2023

### Changed

-   Quiz shortcode now display a message if the GET score parameter does not exist

### Fixed

-   Fixed wrong placement of functions

## 2.0.3 April 24th, 2023

### Change

-   Set `$_GET['score]` to a variable
